You'll see we're getting kind of a gap
though because we have this URL.
We have the name of Darth Vader here.
We have our Homeworld URL as a string.
But the actual planet is coming
back as an empty struct.
This kind of makes sense because
we don't have that data at all.
We have to make a separate
request to actually get
access to the planet information.
So we need to add a few more things
to our people function here.
So for every person that we have,
every person in our array.
We need to go dig into that URL and
make a separate get request.
So the first thing we're
gonna do is start a for loop.
We're not gonna use the index.
I'm gonna use the abbreviation pers for
each individual person in our array.
And then we're gonna go
back to our range keyword.
And we're iterating over
our people variable.
Which represents our
whole all people struct.
And the part of that struct we care about
is the array of people which we called
capital P, People.
So for
each of the person struct within our all
people struct,
we want to call that person.
And then let's create a new function.
We're gonna say, Get Homeworld.
We're gonna make this a method.
So on a person struct, we're going to
create a method called get Homeworld.
That's going to handle fetching
this data for each person.
And then just for visibility,
let's assume this all goes great.
We're going to just print line
what that person now looks like.
Cool, so
let's go up above our get people function.
And we'll create a new one.
And so we're using a method and
so the method needs a receiver.
The thing we're gonna pass in and
modify permanently is a pointer.
Oops, sorry, not the word pointer,
a pointer type of our person struct.
We named our method get Homeworld.
So within here we need to do some similar
logic like we did with get people.
The first thing we want to do is
grab the response from http.Get.
And instead of hard coding in
that base url slash people.
We need to know what is
the Homeurl of that person start.
So we're going to pass it p.H Homeurl.
So this guy is coming off of the struct
type that we have here in our person.
And then again, if error does not equal
nil I'll just print that guy out.
There fetching Homeworld.
And print the error.
And then because our response is going
to be that similar set of bytes,
we'll grab that.
And the error if we get one.
And set that to our
ioutil.Read all that response
of the response body Once
again now we're working with our second
error within the same function block.
So I'm gonna throw it in and if block.
If define some variables, set them to the
result of a function if there's an error
We want to,
sorry if error does not equal null.
So over here error does not equal nil.
We'll just keep using log here and
log dot print.
Error reading,
response body
in the error.
Then we're gonna want to
call Json dot Unmarshal.
Are bytes and then sending
them it to p.Homeworld.
Person yeah p, sorry.
Cool, sweet.
So the beauty of using the F block to
hang on to that error variable is that
we get it scoped within our F block.
But on the flip side now we're trying
to access that bytes variable.
Which is also, nested within our F block.
So we can set up a VAR, bytes, okay?
>> Perfect, cool.
>> You'll just to have to
get the colon out I think.
Yes.
>> Cool, thank you.
Okay so we're storing our We're going
to set an initial value here to
a variable called bytes.
Which type is going to be
an array of bytes coming back
from my read all function.
And then once we get it back and
there's no error.
We're going to send it through
JSON data Marshall and
then update our P for person.
That we sent through here, of our method.
So we'll save all of this.
Let's restart our server one more time.
We've refreshed the browser and now you're
seeing that printout of our person strux.
We have Luke Skywalker, the URL to where
we can get that planet information.
And then now our planet struck
is actually populated with data.
Cool, so
kind of a similar exercise to a previous
one in that we are defining some strux.
But in this example, we got to write
a method and hit an external API and
manage parsing JSON.
Including using some of those JSON tags
that allow us to map the data that we have
in our go.
Using go conventional syntax
with capital letters.
And what actually lives on our JSON object
and kind of navigate between the two.